I think probably the coronation day. I was working in Newport at the time and I didn't have a television available but a friend of mine did.
And she had a very pleasant party, an all day party, with neighbours and friends and so forth.
And you saw people going down and homing in on certain houses which obviously had televisions, often carrying some food with them that they were contributing to the party.
But it certainly made, apart from the obvious interest of the television itself, but it made for a very pleasant social occasion too.
And that I think is my earliest memory, yes. I can't identify anything earlier than that.
When do you remember having a television in the home first?
In my parents' home at the beginning of 1953, but I was not at home then.
So I think I didn't see television regularly until I moved to Shropshire and came home at the weekend.
So I saw television every weekend. And after that I think I eventually moved back to Wrexham and then had it available the whole time.
And that was, I moved back to Wrexham in 1964. So from 1964 on I had full time television so to speak if I wanted to watch it.
How have your viewing patterns changed over the years?
I think in the late 60s, from 1964 on until 1969 when I was living in the family home, I probably watched more, what you might call, general interest programmes.
And then I moved to my own present home in 1969. And I didn't watch a great deal of television really.
I was too busy these days as I had a lot of work to prepare for the next day.
So I didn't really watch a great deal from then on I suppose, except in holiday periods maybe.
Do you think television has influenced your leisure time over the years?
My leisure time? That's a difficult one.
I don't know that it has to any great extent.
I think probably in my leisure time I'd have used it in the same way if I hadn't had television.
Although obviously because I'm interested in the arts and architecture and history things and whatnot.
I would have pursued them anyway. Music, not in practicing it, but in listening to it.
I think I would have pursued those anyway. The more time I had when I retired, those were the things that I took a great interest in.
But I suppose it supplemented them by providing me with programmes on that type of topic.
Have you any experience of watching television with a group of other people or in a public place?
I can't recall watching in a public place with a group of people.
I've watched with family and friends of course.
I mean that means that you watch some programmes that you wouldn't necessarily watch if you were on your own.
But it also means that you get an interesting reaction from other people watching a programme
where you can get a diametrically opposed opinion of the programme, can't you?
The one that you would have taken yourself.
More than that I can't really say. It isn't something that I do very often because I live on my own.
I think really that's all I can say.
Of everything that you've seen on television, what's made the greatest impression on you?
That's a difficult one.
Well obviously there's a great state occasion to make an impression.
But also certain individual programmes do.
The programmes which are produced now are concerned with the universe or with the lives of composers or whatever.
As a result of more research, the programmes that are produced would make an impact.
I don't want to think of anything that would be anything specific that made an impact.
I think also of course the news programmes and particularly those that deal with disasters and the situations in which people are living
which come over obviously so much more graphically when you see the shots of them, even if they're sanitised to a certain extent.
One of the things that made an impression was the programme about very recently, the Red Nose Day programme
where four celebrities went to live in a Kenyan slum and that made a tremendous impact.
So there is that type of programme that does, yes.